create-app: add app-backend plugin to template (#3331)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/add-app-backend.md

> ---

Reviewer: great first example of a create-app changeset!

'@backstage/create-app': patch
---

Add `app-backend` as a backend plugin, and make a single docker build of the backend the default way to deploy backstage.

## Template changes

As a part of installing the `app-backend` plugin, the below changes where made. The changes are grouped into two steps, installing the plugin, and updating the Docker build and configuration.

### Installing the `app-backend` plugin in the backend

> First, install the `@backstage/plugin-app-backend` plugin package in your backend. These changes where made for `v0.3.0` of the plugin, and the installation process might change in the future. Run the following from the root of the repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, install the `@backstage/plugin-app-backend` plugin package in your backend. These changes were made for version `0.3.0` of the plugin, and the installation process might change in the future. Run the following from the root of the repo:
```
